Meeting start - 10h00 on 07/10/2013
===================================

First Session (10h00 - 11h15)
-----------------------------
**Introduction and Background**
<ul>
<ul>
<li> - FR-SE Meeting : (Oct 1, 2012 & june 2013 during CENTR-Jamboree) </li> 
<ul>
<li>   1) Develop a tool from scratch (*Decided*) </li>
<li>   2) Programming Language - Perl (*Decided*) </li>
<li>   3) Mailing list created (*Done*) </li>
<li>   4) Collaboration environment 
<ul>
<li>	a) GitHub - https://github.com/dotse/new-dnscheck/ (*Done*) </li>
<li>    b) Project administration tool PPS (*If possible an Introduction to be done during the meeting*) </li>
</ul>
<li>   5) Work on specification will be done on equal share between Afnic and .SE (*Has to determine who does what *) </li>
<li>   6) Resources to be put on the development side should be determined (*Has to determine who does what *) </li>
<li>   7) License will be free software - Determine the type of license </li>
<li>   8) .SE : To confirm - There is no legal issue in developing this new tool in collaboration with Afnic with respect to .SE work on Predelegation testing with ICANN
</ul>
</ul>
*Outcome of this sub-session :*  Points (4,7,8) treated 

Second Session (11h30 - 12h45)
-----------------------------
**Deciding on Certain choices**
<ul>
<li> 1) Project Name : Any new ideas other than newdnscheck ? Suggestion: Competition among .SE and Afnic Staff?</li>
<li> 2) Development environment </li>
<li> 3) Implementation environment - Only UNIX like ?</li>
<li> 4) Versioning and Packaging </li>
<li> 5) Are we looking at a client web interface at this stage ?</li>
<li> 6) Will it not be better to develop the tool such that it can be easily called by an API ?</li>
<li> 7) Discussion on the wishlist (https://github.com/dotse/new-dnscheck/blob/master/docs/requirements/WishList.md) and to take account the wishlist for design, architecture etc.
<li> 8) Architecture </li>
<li> 9) Test environment </li>
</ul>
*Outcome of this sub-session :* Discussion/Decision on all the above points 


Third Session (14h15 - 15h30)
-----------------------------
**Requirements**
</ul>
<li> 1) Test requirements - Discussion on (https://github.com/dotse/new-dnscheck/blob/master/docs/requirements/Test%20requirements.md) </li>

<li> 2) Functional requirements - Discussion on (https://github.com/dotse/new-dnscheck/blob/master/docs/requirements/FunctionalRequirements.md) </li>
</ul> 

*Outcome of this sub-session :* Discuss/Confirm the set of requirements (both test and functional) that will be implemented for version 1.0

Fourth Session (15h45 - 17h30)
-----------------------------
**Resource Management**
<ul> 
<li> 1) Calculating an approximate period for having a release 1.0 </li>
<li> 2) Is it possible to decompose the work done for release 1.0 into different work packages (specifications, development, test etc. )</li>
<li> 3) Is it possible to identify how resource from Afnic and .SE will be involved in the different work packages </li>
<li> 4) Will it be possible to calculate the intensity (e.g. two FTE for the third month of the projectand only 0.5 FTE for the first month of the project)of the work involved in terms of Afnic or .SE during the release period 1.0 </li>
</ul>
*Outcome of this sub-session :* Duration for release 1.0; When T0 will start; Decomposition of work packages; Resource allocation by Afnic/.SE for each work package; An approximate idea of which part of the period of the project how much resource is needed to be allocated by each partner.

Fifth Session (9h00 - 11h00) on 8/10/2013
-----------------------------------------
<ul>
<li> Resolving issues that has overflown from 7/10 meeting </li>
<li> Roadmap for release 2.0 </li>
</ul>


